Add the note about hugo installation (#2533)
pipe-cd/pipe: docs/content/en/docs/contribution-guidelines/development.md

- `make buildifier`: formats bazel BUILD and .bzl files with a standard convention.
- `make clean`: cleans all bazel cache.
- `make expose-generated-go`: exposes generated Go files (`.pb.go`, `.mock.go`...) to editors and IDEs.

> - `make site`: runs PipeCD site (https://pipecd.dev) locally. To run this command, [hugo](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo) needs to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `make site`: runs PipeCD site (https://pipecd.dev) locally (requires [hugo](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo) to be installed).
```
nits
